Now, that you've seen how to use sage makers hyperparameter tuning functionality,
it's time to try it out for yourself.
In the mini-projects folder,
there is a notebook called IMDB Sentiment Analysis-XGBoost, hyperparameter tuning.
In this notebook much like the other mini-project notebook,
there isn't really much for you to do here except in step
four where instead of creating a single extra boost model,
you will use decision-makers hyperparameter
tuning functionality to train a bunch of different models and then pick the best one.
To make things a little more interesting,
somewhere in this notebook, there's an error.
I would encourage you to just continue along throughout the notebook
as if there is no error and when you do encounter a problem,
try diagnosing it yourself using CloudWatch.
If you get stuck,
the solution notebook is also included and in the next video,
we'll go through my solutions.